Track call in Mailchimp doc (#1122)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/mailchimp.mdx

This setting will <strong>NOT</strong> work for new users. For new users, the subscription status will always be set as <code class="inline-code">pending</code> or <code class="inline-code">subscribed</code>, depending on the set <code class="inline-code">doubleOptIn</code> setting.
</div>

## Track

You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track">`track`</Link> call to collect website/in-app actions or [trigger targeted automations](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/track-outside-activity-events/#trigger-automations-with-events) in Mailchimp using their [Events](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/api/list-member-events/) API.

A sample `track` call is shown below:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.track("registered_referral", {
  "referee_id": "1233",

>   "referral_acceptance": true,
>   "is_syncing": false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "referral_acceptance": true
```

})
```

### Supported mappings

The following table lists the mappings between the RudderStack and Mailchimp properties:

| RudderStack property | Mailchimp property | Notes |
| :--- | :--- |:--- |
| `event`<br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span> | `name` | Event name must contain 2-30 characters. | 
| `properties` | `properties` | - |

> | `properties.is_syncing` | `is_syncing` | Set `false` if you want to [trigger targeted automations](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/track-outside-activity-events/#trigger-automations-with-events). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `properties.is_syncing` | `is_syncing` | Set `true` if you don't want to [trigger targeted automations](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/track-outside-activity-events/#trigger-automations-with-events). Triggering targeted automation is the by default behaviour. |
```

> | `originalTimestamp` | `occured_at` |  - |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `originalTimestamp` | `occurred_at` |  - |
```

This setting will <strong>NOT</strong> work for new users. For new users, the subscription status will always be set as <code class="inline-code">pending</code> or <code class="inline-code">subscribed</code>, depending on the set <code class="inline-code">doubleOptIn</code> setting.
</div>

## Track

> You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track">`track`</Link> call to collect website/in-app actions or [trigger targeted automations](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/track-outside-activity-events/#trigger-automations-with-events) in Mailchimp using their [Events](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/api/list-member-events/) API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track">`track`</Link> call to track user actions or [trigger targeted automations](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/track-outside-activity-events/#trigger-automations-with-events) in Mailchimp using their [Events](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/api/list-member-events/) API.
```

Reviewer 2: Simplified the idea - lmk if it makes sense.

A sample `track` call is shown below:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.track("registered_referral", {
  "referee_id": "1233",

>   "referral_acceptance": true,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "referral_acceptance": "accepted",
```

  "email": "alex@example.com"
})
```

<div class="infoBlock">

> <code class="inline-code">email</code> is a required field for making a <code class="inline-code">track</code> call successfully and can be passed inside <code class="inline-code">traits.email</code> , <code class="inline-code">context.traits.email</code>, or <code class="inline-code">properties.email</code>. RudderStack hashes the <code class="inline-code">email</code> field and replaces <code class="inline-code">subscriber_hash</code> in the <a href="https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/api/list-member-events/">Mailchimp Events API endpoint</a>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<code class="inline-code">email</code> is a required field for making a <code class="inline-code">track</code> call successfully. You can pass it in either <code class="inline-code">traits.email</code> , <code class="inline-code">context.traits.email</code>, or <code class="inline-code">properties.email</code>. RudderStack hashes the <code class="inline-code">email</code> field and replaces <code class="inline-code">subscriber_hash</code> in the <a href="https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/api/list-member-events/">Mailchimp Events API endpoint</a>.
```

</div>

### Supported mappings

The following table lists the mappings between the RudderStack and Mailchimp properties:

| RudderStack property | Mailchimp property | Notes |
| :--- | :--- |:--- |
| `event`<br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span> | `name` | Event name must contain 2-30 characters. | 
| `properties` | `properties` | - |

> | `properties.is_syncing` | `is_syncing` | RudderStack triggers the [targeted automations](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/track-outside-activity-events/#trigger-automations-with-events) by default. However, you can set `is_syncing` to `true` if you don't want to trigger them. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `properties.isSyncing` | `is_syncing` | RudderStack triggers the [targeted automations](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/track-outside-activity-events/#trigger-automations-with-events) by default. However, you can set `isSyncing` to `true` if you don't want to trigger them. |
```
